---
layout: page
title: "Home"
permalink: /
---


Hi, my name is Bill, and I'm a software engineer living in San Francisco. 

I'm also an aspiring product designer, product manager, writer, and entrepeneur - all wrapped as a boostrapping indie hacker. Some of these skills are more developed than others!

Currently, I'm focused on building an advanced goal tracking app called [Navigoals]( navigoals.com). It still a work in progress - so be forgiving! 

This is a special project to me because of how importantly I value mental health. You can read more about my motivations in [this post](https://billprin.com/2022/10/14/why-im-building-navi.html).

I'm also blogging and exploring other ["small bets"](https://billprin.com/2022/10/23/small-bets.html) to diversify how I spend my time and potential sources of revenue.

I have several "micro-saas" ideas queued up. Many of which will be built in public -  so stay tuned, and if you're interested, find me on [twitter](https://twitter.com/bill_prin).

## Contact

The easiest way to contact me is via email. My personal email is waprin at google's public email provider. Hopefully you're smart enough to put that together. You can also try 
mentioning me on Twitter.

I will reply to almost every email _unless_ it looks like it was generated by automated recruiting software. 


## Past professional experience

Most of my professional work was doing backend development, infrastructure, or data engineering work. mostly in C++, Java, and Python. [My side projecs have tended towards the frontend though](https://billprin.com/2022/10/17/stop-worrying-love-frontend.html), and these days I'm focusing more on that to launch various SaaS ideas.  So I'm currently mostly focused on Typescript and Swift for web and iOS respectively. 

Most recently, I worked at Pinterest in their Engineering Productivity division in Infrastructure focused on Python language concerns around developer productivity, security, and container
runtimes.

Previously, I worked at many startups including Bastille, Thumbtack, and Knewton. 

My longest tenure was at Google as both
a Developer Programs Engineer for Google Cloud and a
Software Engineer on the Mobile Productivity team focused  on data analytics of internal mobile developers.

# Personal

My legal first name is William and middle name is Arthur which is why I use
'waprin' as my online identifier in some places.

I live in San Francisco with my wife, daughter, two sphynx cats,
and bernedoodle.

Sometimes you might run into me surfing at Pacifica or Santa Cruz or snowboarding in Tahoe.

# Disclaimer

Any opinion expressed on this website is strictly my own, and in no way reflects any opinion 
of any of my employers, current or previous.

No material on this website is financial or investing advice. 

I have no formal medical education. No material on this site is medical advice.

# About This Site

This site is a static page made with Jekyll served on Github pages.

The theme is a fork of [Ephesus](https://jekyll-themes.com/ephesus/) by Hakan Torun. Thanks Hakan!